# Strategy

This document describes the system strategy to achieve the project’s goals and discuss actions to ensure the system remains sustainable over time. 



## **System Description**

Describe how the project is organized to achieve the North Star goal. Be sure to address:

1. Describe the end-user facing service and how the project seeks to engage the public

2. Describe the infrastructure needed to deliver the end-user facing service

3. Describe the team(s) that support the project

   

## **Feedback**

Describe how the team gathers feedback from stakeholders and customers

### **Example:** 

1. Describe how the project solicits feedback from the public and how it responds to public feedback. 

   

## **System Planning**

Describe how the team plans its work, incorporating feedback and metrics



## **System management**

Describe how the team manages work related to developing and maintaining the system, including requirements gathering, backlog management, code / release management, and compliance issues (reporting, accessibility, security, privacy and sustainability) 



## **Quality Assurance and Testing** 

Describe how the project ensures service/code quality throughout the lifecycle of the project



## **Compliance frameworks**

Describe any compliance requirements that the system must complete to continue operation. Include any data privacy; accessibility; security; reporting; or regulatory/standards compliance frameworks, and any service level agreements if applicable.



## **Feedback and Support**

Describe how the project ensures that customers receive the service they want, and how customer feedback is incorporated into product development.



## **Sustainability**

Describe how the team “future-proofs” its work and creates long-term sustainability for the project. How will maintenance be addressed over time? What are the environmental considerations of this project over its lifespan?